Now sometimes you also want to have a unique ID but you want to use the same idea more than once so
you might have the case where you want to some balls which actually share the same ID.
And that is possible too.
There's another way to create a symbol which I'll show you here.
So if I create simple one here I can use the symbol for method on the Symbol object.
And then here again I assign a key.
So let's say age.
Now that's not just a debugging string that's the key with which I'll be able to create multiple s'mores
which shared the same ID so that if I copy this and I'll create the numbers symbol with for the same
key all to for H.
And now if I print symbol one equals symbol 2 What do you think I'll get.
I get true because now they are actually same it's ID it's an ID but it's not unique to variables use
the same ID know rightfully you would ask when do I need a unique ID.
And when do I want to share ideas.
And the answer unfortunately is it depends it depends on your needs.
If you stick with the example of my first with Eunice Wachtel if you have at say a function which gets
an object as an argument and then adds a symbol property to it then probably you might want to have
certain key like this years so that it is not completely unique but that it is instead read and the
Colonial registry of your app.
So the outside of this function you'll also have a chance of accessing the symbol in the natural place
of your app.
So let's say you have a function where you add the time stamp symbol to your object and in a natural
place you want to retrieve this timestep.
Well of course you need the symbol to be able to retrieve it and therefore you need to assign it like
this year so that you're able to do that.
In other cases of course you might want a unique ID because you'll use it in one place and therefore
you don't need to have access to it in different pieces or places in Europe.
So let me showcase that to you.
We are creating this age symbol here and now all through it.
And you very well your poorest you all give the name Max again.
Now then I have my function name and make H.
And it takes a person as an input as an argument.
And what this function will do is it will create a new age symbol here.
Also for is age key and then it takes my person and adds a new property with this syntax here age symbol
for example and sets this to 27.
Now outside of my function I'd enlight one too.
So first of all call my function here pass my person and then outside of this function I want to log
out the age no age symbol is contained in this function so I don't have access to it which would be
a problem but fortunately I also got symbol 1 and 2 which point to the same key.
So now I'm able to use person symbol one to access my age.
Therefore what do you think will happen if I now Heidrun run I see 27 for the very reason that I was
just explaining.
Even though the age symbol here is not accessible outside of the function it refers to the same key
as symbol 1 and 2 and therefore I am able to use symbol 1 or 2 to access this age.
And now this of course would change if I only would have let's say some more here and this would be
without the four key word.
That's just a debugging string than your.
And the same here.
What do you think will now happen if I had run I get that and you find because now that's an age symbol
are two different IDs.
It's not the same idea anymore.
So they don't have access.
That's the key difference here to take away and to understand and why both might be useful unique IDs
or reused IDs.